Use NVD API 2.0 to download CVE information (#15102)
fleetdm/fleet: tools/nvd/nvdvuln/README.md

# nvdvuln

> This tool can be used to reproduce false positives/negatives vulnerabilities found by Fleet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool can be used to reproduce false positive/negative vulnerabilities found by Fleet.
```
